Facet-type attributes cannot be used for aggregation (#18071)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/generate_metrics.md

1. **Define the metric query:** Start by adding a query for filtering to your required dataset. The [query syntax][10] is the same as APM Search and Analytics.

> 1. **Define the field you want to track:** Select `*` to generate a count of all spans matching your query or enter an attribute (for example, `@cassandra_row_count`) to aggregate a numeric value and create its corresponding count, minimum, maximum, sum, and average aggregated metrics. If the attribute type is a measure, the value of the metric is the value of the span attribute. Note, facet-type attributes cannot be used for aggregation.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Define the field you want to track:** Select `*` to generate a count of all spans matching your query or enter an attribute (for example, `@cassandra_row_count`) to aggregate a numeric value and create its corresponding count, minimum, maximum, sum, and average aggregated metrics. If the attribute type is a measure, the value of the metric is the value of the span attribute.

**Note**: Span attributes that are not numerical values cannot be used for aggregation. To generate a metric that counts the distinct values of a span attribute (for instance count the number of user IDs hitting a specific endpoint), add this dimension to the `group by` selector, and use the `count_nonzero` function to count the number of tag values.

```
